README.md, before:

![Level Progress Tracker](./_Misc/Preview.png)

# Level Progress Tracker
LPT is a plugin for Unreal Engine 5 that allows you to quickly and easily create a loading screen with a progress bar for level transitions.

<br>

> [!NOTE]
> The plugin has been pre-packaged only for Win64 and Android.

## Latest Updates
`Experimental` `Beta` `Version 1.0.0` 
- Build version for Unreal Engine 5.6.0

## What it's for
- Tracking the progress of level asset loading.

## Features
- Ultra-fast setup and creation of a loading screen for level transitions.
- Tracks the loading progress of both regular and streaming levels.
- Automatically scans specified levels for assets and monitors their loading progress in real time.
- Tracks level asset loading packages and their count.
- Supports subscribing to notifications when level assets finish loading.

## Install

> [!NOTE]
> Starting with Unreal Engine version 5.6, it is recommended to use the new project type based on C++. Otherwise, when creating a new Blueprint project, you may encounter the following error: "Engine modules are out of date, and cannot be compiled while the engine is running. Please build through your IDE." This issue does not occur in a pure C++ project.

1. Make sure the Unreal Engine editor is closed.
2. Move the "Plugins" folder to the root folder of your created project.
3. Run your project to which the "Plugins" folder with 'LevelProgressTracker' was added. If a message about restoring the module appears, select "Yes".
4. Done! The 'Level Progress Tracker' folders should appear in the Unreal Engine browser and the plugin should be automatically activated. If the plugin folder is not visible, activate visibility through the browser settings: `Settings > Show Plugin Content`.

## How to use it?
An interactive step-by-step tutorial on how to use LPT can be found in the file: `B_LPT_GameMode_Demo`, which is located at the path `Plugins\Level Progress Tracker Content\DemoFiles\`.

![Window Manager](./_Misc/Tutorial/Tutorial_1.jpg)
![Window Manager](./_Misc/Tutorial/Tutorial_2.jpg)
![Window Manager](./_Misc/Tutorial/Tutorial_3.jpg)
![Window Manager](./_Misc/Tutorial/Tutorial_4.jpg)

## (C++) Documentaion
All sources contain self-documenting code.

Commit message:

Version 1.0.1. Fixed a critical error that occurred after unloading all streaming levels. Added the ability to specify a whitelist of resources to load along with the level.

README.md, after:

![Level Progress Tracker](./_Misc/Preview.png)

# Level Progress Tracker
LPT is a plugin for Unreal Engine 5 that allows you to quickly and easily create a loading screen with a progress bar for level transitions.

<br>

> [!NOTE]
> The plugin has been pre-packaged only for Win64 and Android.

## Latest Updates
`Experimental` `Beta`

`Version 1.0.1` 
- Build version for Unreal Engine 5.6.0
- `New` A new parameter "White List Dir" has been added to the level loading functions, designed for selectively loading only the necessary resources. This can be useful if you're using a World Partition level with a large number of placed assets. Moreover, you don't need to specify the full path to your resources — just a keyword that may be contained in a soft reference pointing to an asset collection is enough. If you want to include all level resources, simply leave this parameter unconnected (or empty if using C++).

<br>
Fixes:

- Fixed a critical bug that occurred when unloading all streaming levels during deinitialization.
- Adjusted debug messages.

## What it's for
- Tracking the progress of level asset loading.

## Features
- Ultra-fast setup and creation of a loading screen for level transitions.
- Tracks the loading progress of both regular and streaming levels.
- Automatically scans specified levels for assets and monitors their loading progress in real time.
- Tracks level asset loading packages and their count.
- Supports subscribing to notifications when level assets finish loading.

## Install

> [!NOTE]
> Starting with Unreal Engine version 5.6, it is recommended to use the new project type based on C++. Otherwise, when creating a new Blueprint project, you may encounter the following error: "Engine modules are out of date, and cannot be compiled while the engine is running. Please build through your IDE." This issue does not occur in a pure C++ project.

1. Make sure the Unreal Engine editor is closed.
2. Move the "Plugins" folder to the root folder of your created project.
3. Run your project to which the "Plugins" folder with 'LevelProgressTracker' was added. If a message about restoring the module appears, select "Yes".
4. Done! The 'Level Progress Tracker' folders should appear in the Unreal Engine browser and the plugin should be automatically activated. If the plugin folder is not visible, activate visibility through the browser settings: `Settings > Show Plugin Content`.

## How to use it?
An interactive step-by-step tutorial on how to use LPT can be found in the file: `B_LPT_GameMode_Demo`, which is located at the path `Plugins\Level Progress Tracker Content\DemoFiles\`.

![Window Manager](./_Misc/Tutorial/Tutorial_1.jpg)
![Window Manager](./_Misc/Tutorial/Tutorial_2.jpg)
![Window Manager](./_Misc/Tutorial/Tutorial_3.jpg)
![Window Manager](./_Misc/Tutorial/Tutorial_4.jpg)
![Window Manager](./_Misc/Tutorial/Tutorial_5.jpg)

## (C++) Documentaion
All sources contain self-documenting code.
